css/README.md, before:

# CSS


- [What is CSS? — HTML & CSS - W3C](https://www.w3.org/standards/webdesign/htmlcss#whatcss)
- [Cascading Style Sheets](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cascading_Style_Sheets) (Wikipedia article)


## GitHub repositories

- [CSS related projects from W3C in GitHub](https://github.com/w3c?utf8=%E2%9C%93&query=css)
- [World Wide Web Consortium (W3C) in GitHub](https://github.com/w3c)
- [Trending CSS repositories on GitHub today](https://github.com/trending?l=css)



## CSS tips

- [sotayamashita/awesome-css](https://github.com/sotayamashita/awesome-css)
  - _A curated list of CSS lists_
- [Critical-path (Above-the-fold) CSS Tools](https://github.com/addyosmani/critical-path-css-tools)
  - _Tools to prioritize above-the-fold (critical-path) CSS_
- [davidtheclark/scalable-css-reading-list](https://github.com/davidtheclark/scalable-css-reading-list)
  - _Collected dispatches from The Quest for Scalable CSS_
  - _A list of things to read or watch that address these two questions:_
    - _What is scalable CSS?_
    - _How do we create scalable CSS?_
- [AllThingsSmitty/css-protips](https://github.com/AllThingsSmitty/css-protips)
  - A small list of tips to improve your CSS skills
- [Alligator.io](https://alligator.io/)
  - _“Front End Web Technologies, Chewed Up”_



## Presentations

Good way to learn is to watch & read presentations.

- [AllThingsSmitty/must-watch-css](https://github.com/AllThingsSmitty/must-watch-css)
  - _A useful list of must-watch talks about CSS_
  - _This is a collection of well-received talks about CSS, covering topics such as CSS frameworks, Sass, SVG, animation, scalability, CSS performance, tooling, mobile tips, and more._
- [@mdo-ular CSS](https://speakerdeck.com/mdo/at-mdo-ular-css) by Mark Otto
  - _“Ten guidelines for how and why I write CSS the way I do with practical examples.”_




## Guidelines

- [CSS Guidelines](http://cssguidelin.es/)
  - _High-level advice and guidelines for writing sane, manageable, scalable CSS_


## Naming conventions

- BEM
- OOCSS
- [rscss](http://rscss.io/)
  - _“A set of simple ideas to guide your process of building maintainable CSS.”_
  - [rstacruz/rscss](https://github.com/rstacruz/rscss) (GitHub repository)
- ITCSS
  - [ITCSS: Scalable and Maintainable CSS Architecture](https://www.xfive.co/blog/itcss-scalable-maintainable-css-architecture/)
    - _“How do I make my CSS scalable and maintainable? It’s a concern for every front-end developer. ITCSS has an answer.”_
    - What is ITCSS?
    - Documentation
    - Resources
    - Experience
      - Less thinking on naming and styles location
      - Objects reusability for fast development
      - Animations
      - Flexibility
      - Critical CSS
      - File size and styles duplication
    - Conclusion
  - [How I Shrank my CSS by 84kb by Refactoring with ITCSS – Jordan Koschei](http://jordankoschei.com/itcss/)
    - “Before the refactor, my CSS weighed 111kb. After the refactor, it weighed 27kb.”
  - [Managing CSS Projects with ITCSS – Harry Roberts](https://speakerdeck.com/dafed/managing-css-projects-with-itcss) (2014)
    - _Presentation_
      - “Managing CSS at scale is hard; and a lot harder than it should be. ITCSS is a simple, effective, and as-yet unpublished methodology to help manage, maintain, and scale CSS projects of all sizes. In this talk we’ll take a sneak peek at what ITCSS is and how it works to tame and control UI code as it grows.”
  - [inuitcss](https://github.com/inuitcss)
    - “A collection of pre-alpha modules to form the new, improved inuitcss”




### CSS namespaces

- [css-modules](https://github.com/css-modules/css-modules)
  - Documentation about css-modules
- [css-ns](https://www.npmjs.com/package/css-ns)
  - CSS namespaces generator written in JavaScript



## CSS libraries

- [Hint.css - A tooltip library in CSS](http://kushagragour.in/lab/hint/)
- [lollipop.css - Android lollipop animations in CSS](http://kushagragour.in/lab/lollipop.css/)
- [Font Awesome](http://fontawesome.io/)
  - _“the iconic font and CSS toolkit”_



## CSS frameworks

- [Foundation](http://foundation.zurb.com/)
  - a responsive front-end framework
  - [Foundation for Sites](http://foundation.zurb.com/sites.html)
    - _“Get from Prototype to Production”_
    - A11y Friendly
      - “The Base for Fully Accessible Sites”
      - “All code snippets come with ARIA attributes and roles along with instructions on how to properly use these components. This helps ensure that every website built on Foundation 6 can be used anywhere, on any device, by anyone.”
  - [Foundation for Emails](http://foundation.zurb.com/emails.html)
    - _“A Responsive Email Framework from ZURB”_
    - “Quickly create responsive HTML emails that work on any device & client. Even Outlook.”
  - [Foundation for Apps](http://foundation.zurb.com/apps.html)
    - _“The first front-end framework created for developing fully responsive web apps.”_
- [Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com/)
  - _“The world's most popular mobile-first and responsive front-end framework.”_

Commit message:

docs(css) add new link
- Add new link about Tachyons CSS component library.

css/README.md, after:

# CSS


- [What is CSS? — HTML & CSS - W3C](https://www.w3.org/standards/webdesign/htmlcss#whatcss)
- [Cascading Style Sheets](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cascading_Style_Sheets) (Wikipedia article)


## GitHub repositories

- [CSS related projects from W3C in GitHub](https://github.com/w3c?utf8=%E2%9C%93&query=css)
- [World Wide Web Consortium (W3C) in GitHub](https://github.com/w3c)
- [Trending CSS repositories on GitHub today](https://github.com/trending?l=css)



## CSS tips

- [sotayamashita/awesome-css](https://github.com/sotayamashita/awesome-css)
  - _A curated list of CSS lists_
- [Critical-path (Above-the-fold) CSS Tools](https://github.com/addyosmani/critical-path-css-tools)
  - _Tools to prioritize above-the-fold (critical-path) CSS_
- [davidtheclark/scalable-css-reading-list](https://github.com/davidtheclark/scalable-css-reading-list)
  - _Collected dispatches from The Quest for Scalable CSS_
  - _A list of things to read or watch that address these two questions:_
    - _What is scalable CSS?_
    - _How do we create scalable CSS?_
- [AllThingsSmitty/css-protips](https://github.com/AllThingsSmitty/css-protips)
  - A small list of tips to improve your CSS skills
- [Alligator.io](https://alligator.io/)
  - _“Front End Web Technologies, Chewed Up”_



## Presentations

Good way to learn is to watch & read presentations.

- [AllThingsSmitty/must-watch-css](https://github.com/AllThingsSmitty/must-watch-css)
  - _A useful list of must-watch talks about CSS_
  - _This is a collection of well-received talks about CSS, covering topics such as CSS frameworks, Sass, SVG, animation, scalability, CSS performance, tooling, mobile tips, and more._
- [@mdo-ular CSS](https://speakerdeck.com/mdo/at-mdo-ular-css) by Mark Otto
  - _“Ten guidelines for how and why I write CSS the way I do with practical examples.”_




## Guidelines

- [CSS Guidelines](http://cssguidelin.es/)
  - _High-level advice and guidelines for writing sane, manageable, scalable CSS_


## Naming conventions

- BEM
- OOCSS
- [rscss](http://rscss.io/)
  - _“A set of simple ideas to guide your process of building maintainable CSS.”_
  - [rstacruz/rscss](https://github.com/rstacruz/rscss) (GitHub repository)
- ITCSS
  - [ITCSS: Scalable and Maintainable CSS Architecture](https://www.xfive.co/blog/itcss-scalable-maintainable-css-architecture/)
    - _“How do I make my CSS scalable and maintainable? It’s a concern for every front-end developer. ITCSS has an answer.”_
    - What is ITCSS?
    - Documentation
    - Resources
    - Experience
      - Less thinking on naming and styles location
      - Objects reusability for fast development
      - Animations
      - Flexibility
      - Critical CSS
      - File size and styles duplication
    - Conclusion
  - [How I Shrank my CSS by 84kb by Refactoring with ITCSS – Jordan Koschei](http://jordankoschei.com/itcss/)
    - “Before the refactor, my CSS weighed 111kb. After the refactor, it weighed 27kb.”
  - [Managing CSS Projects with ITCSS – Harry Roberts](https://speakerdeck.com/dafed/managing-css-projects-with-itcss) (2014)
    - _Presentation_
      - “Managing CSS at scale is hard; and a lot harder than it should be. ITCSS is a simple, effective, and as-yet unpublished methodology to help manage, maintain, and scale CSS projects of all sizes. In this talk we’ll take a sneak peek at what ITCSS is and how it works to tame and control UI code as it grows.”
  - [inuitcss](https://github.com/inuitcss)
    - “A collection of pre-alpha modules to form the new, improved inuitcss”




### CSS namespaces

- [css-modules](https://github.com/css-modules/css-modules)
  - Documentation about css-modules
- [css-ns](https://www.npmjs.com/package/css-ns)
  - CSS namespaces generator written in JavaScript



## CSS libraries

- [Hint.css - A tooltip library in CSS](http://kushagragour.in/lab/hint/)
- [lollipop.css - Android lollipop animations in CSS](http://kushagragour.in/lab/lollipop.css/)
- [Font Awesome](http://fontawesome.io/)
  - _“the iconic font and CSS toolkit”_



## CSS frameworks

- [Tachyons](http://tachyons.io/)
  - CSS component library
  - _“Create fast loading, highly readable, and 100% responsive interfaces with as little css as possible.”_
- [Foundation](http://foundation.zurb.com/)
  - a responsive front-end framework
  - [Foundation for Sites](http://foundation.zurb.com/sites.html)
    - _“Get from Prototype to Production”_
    - A11y Friendly
      - “The Base for Fully Accessible Sites”
      - “All code snippets come with ARIA attributes and roles along with instructions on how to properly use these components. This helps ensure that every website built on Foundation 6 can be used anywhere, on any device, by anyone.”
  - [Foundation for Emails](http://foundation.zurb.com/emails.html)
    - _“A Responsive Email Framework from ZURB”_
    - “Quickly create responsive HTML emails that work on any device & client. Even Outlook.”
  - [Foundation for Apps](http://foundation.zurb.com/apps.html)
    - _“The first front-end framework created for developing fully responsive web apps.”_
- [Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com/)
  - _“The world's most popular mobile-first and responsive front-end framework.”_
