javascript/README.md, before:

# JavaScript / ECMAScript



## ECMAScript 6

- [Understanding ECMAScript 6](https://leanpub.com/understandinges6/read) book written by Nicholas C. Zakas.



## Commonly used JavaScript libraries

- [Trending JavaScript repositories on GitHub today](https://github.com/trending?l=javascript)
- [lodash](https://lodash.com/)
  - _A modern JavaScript utility library delivering modularity, performance, & extras._
  - [stevemao/You-Dont-Know-About-Lodash-Underscore](https://github.com/stevemao/You-Dont-Know-About-Lodash-Underscore)
    - “If you're only using a handful of methods on arrays and don't care about nullish guards, object iteration, smoothing over enviro/ES5/ES6 issues, FP goodies, iteratee shorthands, lazy evaluation, or other enhancements then built-ins are the way to go. Folks who use lodash know its 270+ modules work great combo'ed with ES6, enabling cleaner code and empowering beyond built-ins.”


## Quality improvement

- [JavaScript Standard Style](http://standardjs.com/)
  - _No decisions to make. No .eslintrc, .jshintrc, or .jscsrc files to manage. It just works._
  - _This module saves you (and others!) time in two ways:_
    - _No configuration. The easiest way to enforce consistent style in your project. Just drop it in._
    - _Catch style errors before they're submitted in PRs. Saves precious code review time by eliminating back-and-forth between maintainer and contributor._
  - [List of extensions](http://standardjs.com/awesome.html) to integrate automatic style checking to other tools. On the end of page, there are also alternative syntax checkers based on the same tool.
  - [feross/standard](https://github.com/feross/standard) (GitHub repository)


## Presentations

Good way to learn is to watch & read presentations.

- [AllThingsSmitty/must-watch-javascript](https://github.com/AllThingsSmitty/must-watch-javascript#must-watch-javascript)
  - _A useful list of must-watch talks about JavaScript_
- [bolshchikov/js-must-watch](https://github.com/bolshchikov/js-must-watch)
  - _Must-watch videos about JavaScript_



## JavaScript tips

- [jQuery Tips Everyone Should Know](https://github.com/AllThingsSmitty/jquery-tips-everyone-should-know)




## Blogs

- [Infrequently Noted](https://infrequently.org/)
  - _Alex Russell, a developer working on Chrome, Blink, and the Web Platform at Google._
  - [Doing Science On The Web](https://infrequently.org/2015/08/doing-science-on-the-web/)
    - _This post is about vendor prefixes, why they didn’t work, and why it’s toxic not to be able to launch experimental features._



## JavaScript libraries

- [chinchang/screenlog.js](https://github.com/chinchang/screenlog.js)
  - _“Bring console.log on the screen”_

Commit message:

docs(javascript) add Ramda library to the list
- Add short description of what Ramda JavaScript library is.

javascript/README.md, after:

# JavaScript / ECMAScript



## ECMAScript 6

- [Understanding ECMAScript 6](https://leanpub.com/understandinges6/read) book written by Nicholas C. Zakas.



## Commonly used JavaScript libraries

- [Trending JavaScript repositories on GitHub today](https://github.com/trending?l=javascript)
- [lodash](https://lodash.com/)
  - _A modern JavaScript utility library delivering modularity, performance, & extras._
  - [stevemao/You-Dont-Know-About-Lodash-Underscore](https://github.com/stevemao/You-Dont-Know-About-Lodash-Underscore)
    - “If you're only using a handful of methods on arrays and don't care about nullish guards, object iteration, smoothing over enviro/ES5/ES6 issues, FP goodies, iteratee shorthands, lazy evaluation, or other enhancements then built-ins are the way to go. Folks who use lodash know its 270+ modules work great combo'ed with ES6, enabling cleaner code and empowering beyond built-ins.”
- [Ramda](http://ramdajs.com/)
  - _“A practical functional library for Javascript programmers.”_
  - The primary distinguishing features of Ramda are:
    - Ramda emphasizes a purer functional style. Immutability and side-effect free functions are at the heart of its design philosophy. This can help you get the job done with simple, elegant code.
    - Ramda functions are automatically curried. This allows you to easily build up new functions from old ones simply by not supplying the final parameters.
    - The parameters to Ramda functions are arranged to make it convenient for currying. The data to be operated on is generally supplied last.
    - [Why Curry Helps](https://web.archive.org/web/20140714014530/http://hughfdjackson.com/javascript/why-curry-helps)
      - Introduction to _what is currying_.



## Quality improvement

- [JavaScript Standard Style](http://standardjs.com/)
  - _No decisions to make. No .eslintrc, .jshintrc, or .jscsrc files to manage. It just works._
  - _This module saves you (and others!) time in two ways:_
    - _No configuration. The easiest way to enforce consistent style in your project. Just drop it in._
    - _Catch style errors before they're submitted in PRs. Saves precious code review time by eliminating back-and-forth between maintainer and contributor._
  - [List of extensions](http://standardjs.com/awesome.html) to integrate automatic style checking to other tools. On the end of page, there are also alternative syntax checkers based on the same tool.
  - [feross/standard](https://github.com/feross/standard) (GitHub repository)


## Presentations

Good way to learn is to watch & read presentations.

- [AllThingsSmitty/must-watch-javascript](https://github.com/AllThingsSmitty/must-watch-javascript#must-watch-javascript)
  - _A useful list of must-watch talks about JavaScript_
- [bolshchikov/js-must-watch](https://github.com/bolshchikov/js-must-watch)
  - _Must-watch videos about JavaScript_



## JavaScript tips

- [jQuery Tips Everyone Should Know](https://github.com/AllThingsSmitty/jquery-tips-everyone-should-know)




## Blogs

- [Infrequently Noted](https://infrequently.org/)
  - _Alex Russell, a developer working on Chrome, Blink, and the Web Platform at Google._
  - [Doing Science On The Web](https://infrequently.org/2015/08/doing-science-on-the-web/)
    - _This post is about vendor prefixes, why they didn’t work, and why it’s toxic not to be able to launch experimental features._



## JavaScript libraries

- [chinchang/screenlog.js](https://github.com/chinchang/screenlog.js)
  - _“Bring console.log on the screen”_
