javascript/nodejs/README.md, before:

# Node.js

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/)
  - _“Node.js® is a JavaScript runtime built on Chrome's V8 JavaScript engine.”_
  - _“Node.js uses an event-driven, non-blocking I/O model that makes it lightweight and efficient.”_
  - _“Node.js' package ecosystem, npm, is the largest ecosystem of open source libraries in the world.”_


## HTTP client

- [request/request](https://github.com/request/request)
  - Simplified HTTP request client.
    - Request is designed to be the simplest way possible to make HTTP calls. It supports HTTPS and follows redirects by default.



## Middleware tools for Node.js applications

- [simov/grant](https://github.com/simov/grant)
  - OAuth Middleware for Express, Koa and Hapi
    - 150+ Supported OAuth Providers


## Templating engines

- [Marko - Template engine + UI Components](http://markojs.com/)
  - Created by eBay, Marko is a lightweight HTML-based templating engine for Node.js applications.


## Prototyping

- [RunKit](https://runkit.com/) is an online service for running JavaScript code.
  - _All of npm's 300,000+ modules are already pre-installed, just require them!_


## Package management

- [Lerna](https://github.com/lerna/lerna)
  - _“A tool for managing JavaScript projects with multiple packages.”_
  - [Lerna (official website)](https://lernajs.io/)
    - _“Lerna is a tool that optimizes the workflow around managing multi-package repositories with git and npm.”_

Commit message:

docs(nodejs) add new links
- Add new links about Node.js modules.

javascript/nodejs/README.md, after:

# Node.js

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/)
  - _“Node.js® is a JavaScript runtime built on Chrome's V8 JavaScript engine.”_
  - _“Node.js uses an event-driven, non-blocking I/O model that makes it lightweight and efficient.”_
  - _“Node.js' package ecosystem, npm, is the largest ecosystem of open source libraries in the world.”_


## Examples

- [Node Module Of The Week!](https://nmotw.in/)
  - Little blog with examples of different Node.js modules.
- [zeit/serve](https://github.com/zeit/serve)
  - _“Static file serving and directory listing”_



## HTTP client

- [request/request](https://github.com/request/request)
  - Simplified HTTP request client.
    - Request is designed to be the simplest way possible to make HTTP calls. It supports HTTPS and follows redirects by default.



## Middleware tools for Node.js applications

- [simov/grant](https://github.com/simov/grant)
  - OAuth Middleware for Express, Koa and Hapi
    - 150+ Supported OAuth Providers


## Templating engines

- [Marko - Template engine + UI Components](http://markojs.com/)
  - Created by eBay, Marko is a lightweight HTML-based templating engine for Node.js applications.


## Prototyping

- [RunKit](https://runkit.com/) is an online service for running JavaScript code.
  - _All of npm's 300,000+ modules are already pre-installed, just require them!_


## Package management

- [Lerna](https://github.com/lerna/lerna)
  - _“A tool for managing JavaScript projects with multiple packages.”_
  - [Lerna (official website)](https://lernajs.io/)
    - _“Lerna is a tool that optimizes the workflow around managing multi-package repositories with git and npm.”_
