javascript/d3/README.md, before:

# D3.js

- [D3.js - Data-Driven Documents](http://d3js.org/)
  - “D3.js is a JavaScript library for manipulating documents based on data. D3 helps you bring data to life using HTML, SVG and CSS. D3’s emphasis on web standards gives you the full capabilities of modern browsers without tying yourself to a proprietary framework, combining powerful visualization components and a data-driven approach to Document Object Model (DOM) manipulation.”
- [Documentation](https://github.com/mbostock/d3/wiki)


## Usage examples

- [Gallery · mbostock/d3 Wiki](https://github.com/mbostock/d3/wiki/Gallery)
- [bl.ocks.org - mbostock](http://bl.ocks.org/mbostock)



## Libraries for extending D3.js

- [NVD3](http://nvd3.org/)
  - _“Re-usable charts for D3.js”_
  - “This project is an attempt to build re-usable charts and chart components for d3.js without taking away the power that d3.js gives you. This is a young collection of components, with the goal of keeping these components very customizeable, staying away from your standard cookie cutter solutions.”

Commit message:

docs(javascript) add more links & notes
- Add more links and notes about JavaScript -based tools.

javascript/d3/README.md, after:

# D3.js

- [D3.js - Data-Driven Documents](http://d3js.org/)
  - “D3.js is a JavaScript library for manipulating documents based on data. D3 helps you bring data to life using HTML, SVG and CSS. D3’s emphasis on web standards gives you the full capabilities of modern browsers without tying yourself to a proprietary framework, combining powerful visualization components and a data-driven approach to Document Object Model (DOM) manipulation.”
- [Documentation](https://github.com/mbostock/d3/wiki)


## Usage examples

- [Gallery · mbostock/d3 Wiki](https://github.com/mbostock/d3/wiki/Gallery)
- [bl.ocks.org - mbostock](http://bl.ocks.org/mbostock)



## Libraries for extending D3.js

- [Crossfilter](https://square.github.io/crossfilter/)
  - _“Fast Multidimensional Filtering for Coordinated Views”_
  - “… a JavaScript library for exploring large multivariate datasets in the browser. Crossfilter supports extremely fast (<30ms) interaction with coordinated views, even with datasets containing a million or more records; we built it to power analytics for Square Register, allowing merchants to slice and dice their payment history fluidly.”
  - “Since most interactions only involve a single dimension, and then only small adjustments are made to the filter values, incremental filtering and reducing is significantly faster than starting from scratch. Crossfilter uses sorted indexes (and a few bit-twiddling hacks) to make this possible, dramatically increasing the perfor­mance of live histograms and top-K lists.”
- [NVD3](http://nvd3.org/)
  - _“Re-usable charts for D3.js”_
  - “This project is an attempt to build re-usable charts and chart components for d3.js without taking away the power that d3.js gives you. This is a young collection of components, with the goal of keeping these components very customizeable, staying away from your standard cookie cutter solutions.”
