design/README.md, before:

# Design



## Brand identity

- [A List Apart Articles about Brand Identity](http://alistapart.com/topic/brand-identity)
  - “Your logo is not your brand. Brand is a nexus of consumer perceptions and emotions about your company and its products. Logo design, identity design, branding, content strategy, copywriting, customer relations, and the actual quality of your product work together to create your brand. Where does the web design team fit in? Brand identity development as it relates to the web. Identity systems and brand development.”



## Design Process

- [Designers shouldn’t code. They should study business. — Joshua Taylor](https://medium.com/@joshuantaylor/designers-shouldn-t-code-they-should-study-business-dc3e7e203d39#.df9fmoryb)
  - “But for us to truly understand the best way to help a business we have to start focusing on what makes the business successful. We must first understand business in general. Then we will better understand where craft is important (and where excessive).”






## Design resources

- [Design Resources from Bjango](https://bjango.com/designresources/)
  - _Bjango App Icon Templates_
    - “A comprehensive set of app icon templates for Photoshop, Illustrator, Sketch, and Affinity Designer. The templates cover Android, iOS, OS X, Apple TV (tvOS), Apple Watch (watchOS), Windows, Windows Phone and web favicons. Where possible, they’re set up to automate exporting final production assets. All free and open source, released under the BSD license.”
  - _Bjango Actions_
    - “A collection of Photoshop actions, Photoshop scripts, Hazel rules, OS X workflows and other random things for screen designers and developers. All free and open source, released under the BSD license.”
- [How designers worked in 2015?](https://2015.avocode.com/)
  - _“Over 1000 designs are uploaded into Avocode every day. We've put them into a perspective.”_


## Podcasts

- [Through Process](http://throughprocess.com/)
  - _“Through Process is a podcast about how we become designers.”_

Commit message:

docs(design) add design related links
- Add link to Lean Service Creation Kit by Futurice.
- Add link to an article about human-centric algorithm design.

design/README.md, after:

# Design



## Brand identity

- [A List Apart Articles about Brand Identity](http://alistapart.com/topic/brand-identity)
  - “Your logo is not your brand. Brand is a nexus of consumer perceptions and emotions about your company and its products. Logo design, identity design, branding, content strategy, copywriting, customer relations, and the actual quality of your product work together to create your brand. Where does the web design team fit in? Brand identity development as it relates to the web. Identity systems and brand development.”



## Design Process

- [Designers shouldn’t code. They should study business. — Joshua Taylor](https://medium.com/@joshuantaylor/designers-shouldn-t-code-they-should-study-business-dc3e7e203d39#.df9fmoryb)
  - “But for us to truly understand the best way to help a business we have to start focusing on what makes the business successful. We must first understand business in general. Then we will better understand where craft is important (and where excessive).”
- [Lean Service Creation Kit by Futurice](https://futurice.github.io/lean-service-creation-kit/)
  - _“The LSC Toolkit was created for everyone who wants to create new services and innovate based on the best practices in the industry.”_


## Algorithms in an data-informed design process

- [Design like a Human in the Age of Algorithms | UX Magazine](http://uxmag.com/articles/design-like-a-human-in-the-age-of-algorithms)
  - Gaming the Algorithm
  - Algorithms
    - are backwards-facing.
    - paint in broad strokes.
    - have incomplete information.
    - draw from a variety of sources.
  - Humanizing the Algorithm
  - Review. Curation. Communication.
  - Revealing the Algorithm
  - Cultivating Algorithmic Empathy
    - Data Role Play
    - Algorithm Swap
    - Data Doubles
    - Algorithmic Personas
    - Shared Mythologies


## Design resources

- [Design Resources from Bjango](https://bjango.com/designresources/)
  - _Bjango App Icon Templates_
    - “A comprehensive set of app icon templates for Photoshop, Illustrator, Sketch, and Affinity Designer. The templates cover Android, iOS, OS X, Apple TV (tvOS), Apple Watch (watchOS), Windows, Windows Phone and web favicons. Where possible, they’re set up to automate exporting final production assets. All free and open source, released under the BSD license.”
  - _Bjango Actions_
    - “A collection of Photoshop actions, Photoshop scripts, Hazel rules, OS X workflows and other random things for screen designers and developers. All free and open source, released under the BSD license.”
- [How designers worked in 2015?](https://2015.avocode.com/)
  - _“Over 1000 designs are uploaded into Avocode every day. We've put them into a perspective.”_


## Podcasts

- [Through Process](http://throughprocess.com/)
  - _“Through Process is a podcast about how we become designers.”_
