typography/README.md, before:

# Typography



## Wikipedia articles about typography

- Commonly used symbols
  - [Dash](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dash)
    - _Em dash_ —
    - _En dash_ –
    - _Swung dash_ ⁓
  - [Quotation mark](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quotation_mark)
    - [Quotation marks in English](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quotation_mark#Quotation_marks_in_English)
      - ‘…’
      - “…”
      - _“…”_
    - [Quotation marks in Finnish and Swedish](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quotation_mark#Finnish_and_Swedish)
      - ’A’
      - ”A”
      - »A»
      - – A
    - [Summary table for all languages](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quotation_mark#Summary_table_for_all_languages)
  - [Whitespace character](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Whitespace_character)
- [Typography](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Typography)
- [Word divider](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Word_divider)


## Blogs about typography

- [I love Typography (ILT)](http://ilovetypography.com/)
  - _Fonts, typefaces and all things typographical_
  - [Twitter (@ilovetypography)](https://twitter.com/ilovetypography)
    - _ILT, the world’s most popular fonts & typography blog._
  - [We Love Typography](http://welovetypography.com/)
    - _a curated gallery of type-related content._
- [Analyzing 50k fonts using deep neural networks | Erik Bernhardsson](http://erikbern.com/2016/01/21/analyzing-50k-fonts-using-deep-neural-networks/)
  - [Some more font links | Erik Bernhardsson](http://erikbern.com/2016/01/25/some-more-font-links/)

Commit message:

docs(typography) add new links
- Add new links about web typography.

typography/README.md, after:

# Typography



## Wikipedia articles about typography

- Commonly used symbols
  - [Dash](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dash)
    - _Em dash_ —
    - _En dash_ –
    - _Swung dash_ ⁓
    - [Quotation dash](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quotation_mark#Quotation_dash) ―
  - [Quotation mark](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quotation_mark)
    - [Quotation marks in English](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quotation_mark#Quotation_marks_in_English)
      - ‘…’
      - “…”
      - _“…”_
    - [Quotation marks in Finnish and Swedish](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quotation_mark#Finnish_and_Swedish)
      - ’A’
      - ”A”
      - »A»
      - – A
    - [Summary table for all languages](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quotation_mark#Summary_table_for_all_languages)
  - [Whitespace character](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Whitespace_character)
- [Typography](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Typography)
- [Word divider](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Word_divider)


## Web typography

- [Typography Handbook](http://typographyhandbook.com/)
  - A short guide of a web typography practices.
- [The Elements of Typographic Style Applied to the Web](http://webtypography.net/toc)
  - Classic typography guidelines for the modern world.


## Books about typography

- [Butterick’s Practical Typography](http://practicaltypography.com/)
  - [Summary of key rules](http://practicaltypography.com/summary-of-key-rules.html)
  - Useful guidelines for a readable text content.



## Blogs about typography

- [I love Typography (ILT)](http://ilovetypography.com/)
  - _Fonts, typefaces and all things typographical_
  - [Twitter (@ilovetypography)](https://twitter.com/ilovetypography)
    - _ILT, the world’s most popular fonts & typography blog._
  - [We Love Typography](http://welovetypography.com/)
    - _a curated gallery of type-related content._
- [Analyzing 50k fonts using deep neural networks | Erik Bernhardsson](http://erikbern.com/2016/01/21/analyzing-50k-fonts-using-deep-neural-networks/)
  - [Some more font links | Erik Bernhardsson](http://erikbern.com/2016/01/25/some-more-font-links/)
