data/country/Finland/README.md, before:

# Data sources about Finland




## Address details

- [theikkila/postinumerot](https://github.com/theikkila/postinumerot)
  - _Suomalaiset postinumerot_
  - Postal codes of Finland in a JSON format
    - Available as a npm package for usage with Node.js.


## Company information

- [PRH Open data](http://avoindata.prh.fi/index_en.html)
  - _Data from the Finnish Trade Register's public notices_
  - _Data from Finnish Business Information System (BIS)_
  - Open data API with ability to search details about companies in Finland.


## Culture data

- [Finna](https://www.finna.fi/?lng=en-gb)
  - _“The material of Finnish archives, libraries and museums with a single search”_
  - The National Library of Finland (Kansalliskirjasto)
    - [Finna.fi to open access to a record-breaking amount of Finnish cultural data](http://www.nationallibrary.fi/en/finnafi-open-access-record-breaking-amount-finnish-cultural-data)
      - [Finna.fi avaa ennätysmäärän suomalaista kulttuuridataa](http://kansalliskirjasto.fi/fi/finnafi-avaa-enn%C3%A4tysm%C3%A4%C3%A4r%C3%A4n-suomalaista-kulttuuridataa)


## Health related information

- [Tilastoja hyvinvoinnin ja terveyden edistämisestä — Sosiaali- ja terveysministeriö](http://stm.fi/tilastot/tilastoja-hyvinvoinnin-ja-terveyden-edistamisesta)
  - _Suomalaisten terveyttä ja hyvinvointia koskevia tilastoja_
  - _Sosiaali-, terveys- ja väestötilastojakuntatasolla_
  - _Terveys- ja hyvinvointitilastojaväestöryhmittäin_
  - _Tietoja THL:n väestötutkimuksista_
  - _Kunnan toiminta kuntalaisten terveyden edistämisessä_
  - _Sairastavuustilastoja alueellisesti_
  - _Työtapaturmien ja ammattitautien määristä tilastoja_
  - _Alkoholielinkeinon toimijoista, kulutuksesta ja myynnistätilastoja_
  - _Asunnottomuudesta tietoja_
  - _THL:n vuosikirjat_


## Traffic

- [Helsingin lähijunat - Lähiliikenne](http://liikenne.hylly.org/rata/lahi/) automaattisesti päivittyvässä kaaviossa.
  - Local trains in the Helsinki, Finland capital area.


## Future data sources

- [Datanavaussuunnitelmat - DataBusiness.fi](http://databusiness.fi/suunnitelmat/)
  - _“Espoo, Helsinki, Kauniainen, Oulu, Tampere, Turku, Vantaa”_

Commit message:

docs(data) add notes about data sources & usage
- Add notes about data sources in Finland.
- Add notes about privacy implications of data usage.

data/country/Finland/README.md, after:

# Data sources about Finland




## Address details

- [theikkila/postinumerot](https://github.com/theikkila/postinumerot)
  - _Suomalaiset postinumerot_
  - Postal codes of Finland in a JSON format
    - Available as a npm package for usage with Node.js.


## Company information

- [PRH Open data](http://avoindata.prh.fi/index_en.html)
  - _Data from the Finnish Trade Register's public notices_
  - _Data from Finnish Business Information System (BIS)_
  - Open data API with ability to search details about companies in Finland.


## Culture data

- [Finna](https://www.finna.fi/?lng=en-gb)
  - _“The material of Finnish archives, libraries and museums with a single search”_
  - The National Library of Finland (Kansalliskirjasto)
    - [Finna.fi to open access to a record-breaking amount of Finnish cultural data](http://www.nationallibrary.fi/en/finnafi-open-access-record-breaking-amount-finnish-cultural-data)
      - [Finna.fi avaa ennätysmäärän suomalaista kulttuuridataa](http://kansalliskirjasto.fi/fi/finnafi-avaa-enn%C3%A4tysm%C3%A4%C3%A4r%C3%A4n-suomalaista-kulttuuridataa)


## Event data

- [City-of-Helsinki/linkedevents: Linked Events event database and API](https://github.com/City-of-Helsinki/linkedevents)
  - _“Linked Events provides categorized data on events and places. The project was originally developed for the City of Helsinki.”_
  - _“The Linked Events API for the Helsinki capital region contains data from the Helsinki City Tourist & Convention Bureau, the City of Helsinki Cultural Office and the Helmet metropolitan area public libraries.”_
  - Python -based implementation of the API


## Health related information

- [Tilastoja hyvinvoinnin ja terveyden edistämisestä — Sosiaali- ja terveysministeriö](http://stm.fi/tilastot/tilastoja-hyvinvoinnin-ja-terveyden-edistamisesta)
  - _Suomalaisten terveyttä ja hyvinvointia koskevia tilastoja_
  - _Sosiaali-, terveys- ja väestötilastojakuntatasolla_
  - _Terveys- ja hyvinvointitilastojaväestöryhmittäin_
  - _Tietoja THL:n väestötutkimuksista_
  - _Kunnan toiminta kuntalaisten terveyden edistämisessä_
  - _Sairastavuustilastoja alueellisesti_
  - _Työtapaturmien ja ammattitautien määristä tilastoja_
  - _Alkoholielinkeinon toimijoista, kulutuksesta ja myynnistätilastoja_
  - _Asunnottomuudesta tietoja_
  - _THL:n vuosikirjat_


## Traffic

- [Helsingin lähijunat - Lähiliikenne](http://liikenne.hylly.org/rata/lahi/) automaattisesti päivittyvässä kaaviossa.
  - Local trains in the Helsinki, Finland capital area.


## Future data sources

- [Datanavaussuunnitelmat - DataBusiness.fi](http://databusiness.fi/suunnitelmat/)
  - _“Espoo, Helsinki, Kauniainen, Oulu, Tampere, Turku, Vantaa”_
