api/README.md, before:

# API development



## Parse alternatives

After Facebook [announced](http://blog.parse.com/announcements/moving-on/) that they are closing down Parse,
they also [released migration tools](http://blog.parse.com/announcements/introducing-parse-server-and-the-database-migration-tool/)
and [Parse Server](https://github.com/ParsePlatform/parse-server) for self-hosting APIs.
Main problem with the released server is the lack of some core features of an API platform.
Even while individual developers started deploying their own instances of Parse Server
([Deploying Parse Server on AWS](https://gist.github.com/hassy/48bae515c393e9214d3f)),
others also started to document their progress on finding alternatives.

- [relatedcode/ParseAlternatives](https://github.com/relatedcode/ParseAlternatives)
  - _A collaborative list of Parse alternative backend service providers._



## Performance testing

- [Artillery - simple & powerful load-testing](https://artillery.io/)
  - _“Make your backend faster, more scalable, and more resilient with Artillery.”_
  - “Artillery is modern open-source load-generator with a strong focus on developer happiness and a batteries-included philosophy.”
  - “Perfect for testing microservices, BFFs, web APIs, and mobile backends.”
  - “By Node.js developers, for Node.js developers”

Commit message:

docs(api) add links to Automation tools
- Add links to Automation tools using APIs.

api/README.md, after:

# API usage & development




## Automation tools using APIs

- [IFTTT](https://ifttt.com/)
- [Zapier](https://zapier.com/)
  - _“Connect the apps you use, automate tasks, get more out of your data.”_





## Parse alternatives

After Facebook [announced](http://blog.parse.com/announcements/moving-on/) that they are closing down Parse,
they also [released migration tools](http://blog.parse.com/announcements/introducing-parse-server-and-the-database-migration-tool/)
and [Parse Server](https://github.com/ParsePlatform/parse-server) for self-hosting APIs.
Main problem with the released server is the lack of some core features of an API platform.
Even while individual developers started deploying their own instances of Parse Server
([Deploying Parse Server on AWS](https://gist.github.com/hassy/48bae515c393e9214d3f)),
others also started to document their progress on finding alternatives.

- [relatedcode/ParseAlternatives](https://github.com/relatedcode/ParseAlternatives)
  - _A collaborative list of Parse alternative backend service providers._



## Performance testing

- [Artillery - simple & powerful load-testing](https://artillery.io/)
  - _“Make your backend faster, more scalable, and more resilient with Artillery.”_
  - “Artillery is modern open-source load-generator with a strong focus on developer happiness and a batteries-included philosophy.”
  - “Perfect for testing microservices, BFFs, web APIs, and mobile backends.”
  - “By Node.js developers, for Node.js developers”
